# sqlite-personal-dictionary
I believe Korean language is similar to my native Burmese Language in many ways. One similarity is that the composition of each vocabulary is made up of base syllable which has their own meaning. So, this project is born out of desparate need when my intp brain can't memorize vocabulary without breaking them down into base syllable components. 

I tried to find other projects which could full-fill my need. I thought stardict and goldendict could do it since they are dictionary software. But those dictionary apps lack updating new vocabulary frequently. I was lazy and skeptical at first to make my own app. since I don't have much time. I had to study but all I needed was a simple database and a simple python interface. That's all I needed. So, I asked chatgpt for most of the code. I tweaked the code into my work flow. Now, this project satisfies me. 

You can use also use this program as your personal dictionary. The functionality is pretty straight forward. You can add new words, find and delete them. The best part is keyboard shortcuts for me. Pressing enter in word panel trigger searching entry. Pressing enter in meaning panel triggers adding entry. You need to fill both panel to delete certain meaning. I use this program to add new syllable meaning I came across. When I encounter a vocabulary, I try to guess the meaning of it from its syllable. Thanks to this program, my vocabulary memorizing work flow is twice as fast. 

I call it personal dictionary for its similar functionality for a dictionary app. But as I mentioned above I use it for my intp brain to breakdown vocabulary and collect base syllable meaning.
